CI: Add kerneltests for arm64 kernels (#2243)
parca-dev/parca-agent: kerneltest/kernels/README.md

> Dowloaded kernel images used in kerneltests are stored in this folder.

Author: ```suggestion
Dowloaded kernel images used for kerneltests are stored in this folder.
```

> NOTE: Do not delete this file as GitHub doesn't track empty folders and this causes CI scripts
> to fail.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: Do not delete this file as GitHub doesn't track empty folders causing CI scripts to fail.
```
